Topkg — The trivial OCaml package builder
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
%%VERSION%%

Topkg is a package builder for distributing OCaml software. It
provides an API to describe an OPAM install file according to the
build environment and make corresponding invocation in your build
system.

The optional topkg-care package provides a library and a command line
that helps with various aspects of its life cycle: creating and
linting a distribution, releasing it on the www, publish its
documentation, add it to the OCaml OPAM repository, etc.

Topkg is distributed under the ISC license and has **no**
dependencies. This is what your packages will need as a *build*
dependency.

Topkg-care is distributed under the ISC license it depends on
[Cmdliner][cmdliner] and [`opam-lib`].

[cmdliner]: http://erratique.ch/software/cmdliner

Home page: http://erratique.ch/software/topkg  
Contact: Daniel Bünzli `<daniel.buenzl i@erratique.ch>`

## Installation

Topkg and topkg-care can be installed with `opam`:

    opam install topkg       # All you need for your packages
    opam install topkg-care  # Tools to take care of your packages
    
If you don't use `opam` consult the [`opam`](opam) file for build
instructions.

## Documentation

The documentation and API reference is automatically generated by
`ocamldoc` from the interfaces. It can be consulted [online][doc]
and there is a generated version in the `doc` directory of the
distribution.

[doc]: http://erratique.ch/software/topkg/doc
